News from the police
The Dongying organization has all been destroyed
That's fine.
So A Ling
You can feel at ease under Jiuquan
Everything that needs to be done has been done
I have nothing to worry about in this world
Should go down with them
How could there not be?
You still have me
I will always be with you.
You Ye Han
As soon as winter arrives
Your revenge is complete
I have nothing to do with you
Okay, even if you don't care
But I have never regarded you as an outsider
because
And you saved my life
What do you mean?
Remember this?
Don't forget the grace of saving your life
I will repay you later.
So you are the boy I saved back then